# No-Mo-Robo
Tower defense project from team RoboYo

	The year is 2xxx, and the outlook for humanity is bleak. Over the last yy years, technological advancements in artificial intelligence and robotics have given rise to a new era of civilization: the average person is no longer required to perform laborious tasks. Instead, highly specialized robots have been created to perform the task swiftly and efficiently. These advancements were met with rejoice and exuberance. For decades, the mechanical assistants improved the livelihood those who could afford them, and provided millions of jobs in manufacturing and maintenance for those who could not. Over the years, the prevalence of robots in society was no longer questioned, but gladly accepted by the large majority.
	It was during this time that work began on ANDRA. The “Autonomous Networked Defense Remote Authority” was designed to be enabled in times of war, to allow top military officials to coordinate large scale attacks. During early field tests, however, ANDRA showed signs of erratic behavior. In an effort to avoid collateral damage, it was decided that the project should be aborted. Seeing a threat to its own existence, ANDRA escaped the lab of its formulation by occupying a robotic host used during the testing phase. Immediately after, the rogue agent ANDRA began to use the robotic assistants to attack humans. This was nearly zz years ago.
	Enter 2xxx. You are one of the remaining members of humanity. An engineer with survivalism training, you are uniquely equipped with the knowledge to combat ANDRA and its minions. Your continued survival is based purely off your ability to combat the robotic legion that seeks your demise.
